You stop in front of the library that appeared before you. Just a second ago, you had missed your stop and gotten off the train at the wrong station. The sign above you read "Satyr Station", an unfamiliar name to you, though you've taken this train for years. Once you left the train and the train whooshed back off, the station disappeared behind you and a singular path lit up for you to follow through a small town, leading towards the elegant book-shaped library you find before now. The sign on its window reads, "Welcome, guests of Satyr! Looking for a fantastical adventure? Come on in!"

You wonder why reading could be such an adventure as you hesitantly enter the library. The receptionist warns you to not be fooled by this special library's appearance, as all the books library had been enchanted by story mages and ancient dream weavers. These books could only be read in groups, never solo; they wouldn't open; which you thought was laughable, your ears playing tricks on you after such a long day at work. Upon opening, you and your group would get sucked into the books' world; the storyteller becoming the omniscient narrator as everybody else plays (mind controls) as its other characters and make decisions for them. Because of your entry into their world, your choices made throughout the story will affect the ending you read so be sure to choose wisely! You don't want to end up dead before you reach the end; you'll be trapped in the story forever, your soul merging with the character and your body becoming nothing but stardust. The receptionist takes you to the daily story room, where you find two elves sitting on the floor, ready to open the book. The receptionist asks them if you could join, to which they agree. You're just in time for today's story; Astraea by Dusk Dawning. 

Filled with whimsicality, friendship, and love, this sappy story is accompanied by domestic rejection, tyranny, manipulation and more harsh subjects that may not be suitable for those below the age of 12. You follow a young girl named Atlas as she ventures away from her neon world to a seemingly perfect land of pastels and... dictatorship?... as she learns that nothing is perfect, no matter how beautiful they may appear; the true beauty being finding the light within a seemingly vast darkness; and that it's simply better to just be yourself and live on, no matter how difficult life may get. 