Welcome, welcome ojojoj! You’re just in time for tonight’s story: Astraea by Dusk Dawning. 
Our tale begins in a cottage on the outskirts of the small village Orion, way up in the attic...
There lived a young girl by the name of Atlas. To all the villagers, she was the perfect daughter of the best chief in Orion history; polite, intelligent, graceful, and quiet
Little did they know her façade would slip off the moment she stepped foot back into the place she had to call home. 
Though a poised lady on the surface, she could not have been more different. 
She was rebellious and imaginative, spirited and loud in an explosive childlike way. 
Unfo(u)rtunately for our poor Atlas, this version of her was but a distant daydream, something that she could never become beyond her imagination. 
Why do you think that is, ojojoj?
[CHOICE]
[PLACEHOLDER BECAUSE IT SKIPS THIS LINE EVERY TIME]
ATLAS: Ma, Pa, I’m back. 
...No response. You can hear screaming and arguing noises in the background. 
ATLAS: So much for home, sweet home. 
...them. Her dreadful parents who loved her to bits. 
ATLAS: I... think they forgot... about today... if only they paid attention to their only child more than their petty arguments... 
ATLAS: maybe they’d remember it’s my birthday... 
She organized her backpack, taking out the homework essentials and cuddling Sol, her deer plush, before climbing up the stairs to the attic with it. 

The attic was a safe space for her; away from the toxins of a forcèd family. 
CRASH!!!
ATLAS: Pleeeeease don’t tell me she broke a vase again...
The sky outside was dark. Atlas rushed down the stairs, clutching onto Sol in fear of what she might see, yet strangely, there was nothing. 
ATLAS: Hello? 
ATLAS: Aaaaaanybody here? 

She peered over the kitchen sink where the broken glass lay. She looked up. 
Broken window. 
The culprit? 
A strange creature that appeared to be a cat with wings sitting on a tree that spawned in her side yard. 
Atlas left the house and headed slowly towards where the creature was. Its eyes glowed a vibrant blue against the neon hue of Orion. 
ATLAS: Hi there lil fella, do you need something? 
The creature jumped out of the tree, racing in the direction of the forest Orion named the “Forest of Disasters”. 
You would think Atlas thought a bit before dashing right in but clearly she didn’t. 
ATLAS: Hey!! Wait!!

The creature had disappeared into the woods but it left a trail behind it. 

She followed the trail to a clearing where there was a small arch. She walked closer, feeling her fingers against the cold wet stones it was made of. 
Beside the rocks lay an adorable pink music box on a podium. 
ATLAS: Sol! That deer looks like you, doesn’t it? And wow, it’s such a beautiful box! I wonder what it sounds like…
She picked up the box, pressing her fingers lightly against it until she heard a “click”! 
A key popped out of the drawer on the box. 
Atlas picked up the key and gently placed it on the back of the box, winding the toy up. 
ATLAS: Woah...! What’s happening...!!

With a gentle whoosh the stone arch turned into a swirly portal with a pastel light. 
The music from the box was playing gently as if asking her to walk through before time was up. 
What do you think happens after, dear ojojoj? 
[CHOICE]
[PLACEHOLDER BECAUSE IT SKIPS THIS LINE EVERY TIME]
She jumps in like there’s no tomorrow! I would assume she did so just to satiate her own curiosity, but her parents do seem to be a big part of her decision as well. 


ATLAS: Wh-where am I?
As she lay down, she stared at the sky above with a beautiful pink and purple hue. 
Her head was dizzy, probably from all the spinning and as she sat up she noticed two very strange things…
ATLAS: ...Who is this?! 
She had landed on top of a strange animal wearing a green suit. 
They seemed to have been drinking some sort of crimson fluid that spilled all over their clothes and the glass it appeared to be from had shattered all over the floor. 
ATLAS: Ohmygoshimsosorryimsosorryimsosorry...
SOL: I... um... think you might’ve killed him...
ATLAS: AHHHH!
Atlas practically flung herself backwards. Squatting beside her was a young girl with brown hair and... deer antlers? 
ATLAS: ...Who’re you? 
SOL: You… don’t recognize your best friend? Did you replace me already? 
[CHOICE]
[PLACEHOLDER BECAUSE IT SKIPS THIS LINE EVERY TIME]
ATLAS: Oh my goodness, what happened to you? You’re alive! 
SOL: Yeah, can you believe it? Plus I can do this now...
Sol closed her eyes as a glowing crown of light formed from her forehead. 
She reached out in front of her, opened her eyes sharply, and tapped lightly, sending a thin beam of light shooting through the air like a rocket. 
ATLAS: That’s so sick!? Do you think I have any new abilities like that? 
SOL: I would hope so! I found mine by accident when we fell from the Sky Mouth, so there’s no way to know for sure. 
ATLAS: What’s the Sky Mouth? 
SOL: Oh it’s the portal we fell out of. The locals here call it the Sky Mouth because it opens up like a mouth to spit humans out. 
ATLAS: ...Locals? Are there people who live here? In a place like this? 
SOL: Ummm, not exactly. They aren’t people. They’re like the beings that you read in the fairy tale stories you’d read to me when you were little. 
SOL: Come on, I'll introduce you to some of my friends!! 
Sol grabs Atlas by the arm and pulls her through the stone gate, dragging her along as they head towards the buildings in the distance. 

SOL: We're here! 
ATLAS: ...Sol are you okay? Did you hit your head a bit too hard? 
SOL: No! I mean, yes? Wait no! Not the point! We're at my friends' hideout! 
ATLAS: Sol dear, we're staring at a hill
SOL: Oh sorry! I forgot you can't see them since it's your first time. Give me a sec...
Sol knocks against the hill a couple times and we can see a little door appear with small pearl handles. 

ATLAS: Woah! 
SOL: Tada!! This is the "Super Secret Supreme Usurper Squad" hideout! They'll be able to answer all the questions you have that I can't answer!
Sol knocks on the door in a rhythm Atlas had never heard before. 
A small hole appears on one of the pearl handles and Atlas got chills, feeling something was staring at her. 
WHO IS IT
SOL: It's Miss Lia of Orda-Sturgen! 
Oh hey Sol. Just one second I'll unlock the defenses for ya. 
SOL: Thank you~
SOL: That was Marcial, one of the Squad's soldiers. They're in charge of the defenses for the secret hideout and oh-! Door's open~
Sol walks towards the hill and takes a deep breath, phasing through the hill and passing through the double doors. 
Atlas blinks and takes a deep breath before following Sol into the hideout. 
